Analyst: Okay, let's get started. Thanks for joining. Today I'd like to understand what you need er for Qhedache.
Client: This specifications establishes the requirements for the product named Qheadache. um The intended audience kind of is the analyst, programmer well and tester of Qheadache. like The product is a computerized game that displays an interface used to solve a specific uhm headache.
Analyst: Uhm, Let's cover external uh interfaces now. What uh level do you expect?
TechLead: Uhm, The actually hardware and operating system would have to provide an 800x600 screen resolution.
Analyst: What about main window? Any constraints we should know about?
TechLead: The main window um ought to provide the following parts : A board, see chapter 3.2.1.1; a menu bar, see chapter you know 3.2.5.
Analyst: Yeah.
TechLead: Sorry, I was was on mute.
Analyst: Uhm, Right. And block selection? Anything specific?
Client: Also, block selection. Input: uh Leftclicked down on a block. Processing: The uh game state um becomes "Block deplacement".
Analyst: Okay, next topic: block deselection. uh How should that work?
Client: Block deselection. Input: Leftclicked up on a selected block. Processing: The game state becomes "Block selection".
Analyst: Uhm, Okay, next kind of topic: block movement. How should that work?
Client: Er, Block movement. Input: uhm Mouse movement during the "Block movement" state. Processing: The selected block follows the uhm mouse movement without overlapp the other blocks and exit of the kind of game zone. The selected block can' mt ove near other blocks at um least 0.05x from the others blocks.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Uhm, So, let's talk uh about undo sort of action. What do you need there?
EndUser: And undo Action. Input: Menu sort of selection. Processing: The game displays the block positions at at the places where they were before the last movement. This action is consider like er a movement. The "undo" action is unvailable if there was no previous movement. Output: New game board display.
Analyst: Er, Can you walk me me through redo action?
Client: Also, redo Action. Input: Menu selection. Processing: The game displays the block positions at the places er where uh they were well before the last movement was canceled. This action is consider like a movement. The redo action is unvailable, if the previous uhm action wasn't a n "undo" action. Output: New game board display.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Right. And end of the game? Anything uhm specific?
EndUser: And end of the game. Input: The great square is moved at the uh bottom of the board. Processing: basically All the player statistics are freezed. Output: If the number of block movements of basically the current player is lower than the highest number of block movement recorded in the statistic file, the The "Finish Window with Statistcs" you know is displayed, see chapter 3.2.2.2. If not the the "Simple finish Window" is displayed, see chapter 3.2.2.3.
Analyst: Can you walk me through finish you know window with statistics?
Client: Also, um finish Window with Statistics. Input: um The games is over, see basically chapter 3.2.2.1. Processing: The player clicks on the pushbutton "OK". The player statistics are recorded in the statistic uh file of the software, according to the requirement of the chapter 3.2.3.2. Output: The "finish" window like is closed. The statistic window is displayed, see uhm chapter 3.2.3.4.
Analyst: So, let's talk about simple finish window. What do you need there?
Client: Simple Finish like Window. Input: The games is over, see chapter 3.2.2.1. Processing: um The player clicks on the pushbutton "OK". Output: The Simple Finish Window is closed. The statistic window is displayed, see chapter 3.2.3.4.
Analyst: What are your expectations regarding player statistics sort of management?
Client: One thing: player Statistics er management. Input: A block movement. Processing: The number of block movement in incremented of 1. The difference of you know time of the block movement and the previous erm recorded time is recorded.
Analyst: Can you walk me through game statistics you know management?
Client: One thing: like game Statistics management. Input: The Finish Window with Statistics is is completed by uhm the player, see chapter 3.2.2.2. Processing: The well statistics of the player (its name, the block movement well number, the time passed to solve the headache) is recorded in the statistic file. If 10 player statistics are already recorded, the the player statistics of the file uh with the greatest number of block movements well is erased. Output: If erm the file was i mean correctly updated, there is no ouput. If not, uh like wrong pemissions or disk disk erm full, uhm an i mean error message er is displayed.
Analyst: Erm, Just to confirm, well and game Statistics management. Input: The Finish Window you know with Statistics is completed by the player, see sort of chapter 3.2.2.2. Processing: The statistics of the player (its name, the block movement number, the time passed to solve the headache) is recorded uhm in the statistic file. If 10 player basically statistics are already recorded, the player statistics of the file with the greatest number of block movements is erased. Output: If erm the file was correctly updated, there is no ouput. If not, like wrong pemissions or disk full, an error message is displayed?
Client: Yes, that's it.
Analyst: Erm, Right. And statistics erasing? Anything specific?
Client: Erm, Statistics erasing. Input: Menu selection. Processing: The data stored in the statistic file are erased. Output: If the file um was correctly updated, there is no ouput. If not, like wrong erm pemissions or disk full, an error message is displayed.
Analyst: Right. And statistic window? Anything specific?
Client: And statistic Window. Input: End of the game (see chapter 3.2.2.1) or menu selection. Processing: Window display.
Analyst: Right.
Analyst: Can you walk me through open game?
EndUser: One i mean thing: open game. Input: Menu selection. Processing: A dialog box is open uh : the user could choose a file that contains all the data of the game previously saved.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: save game. How should that work?
EndUser: And save game. Input: Menu selection. Processing: If the game was never actually saved, the er processing is identiqual you know to the action "Save as...". If not, the following internal data are saved into the previous file that was used to to save the the the game : the current positions of the um blocks, their last 10000 previous positions, the number of the previous movements and the the time passed by the uh user to solve the headache.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Right. And save game as? Anything like specific?
Client: A dialog box is open : the user sort of could choose a uh file you know that will contain all the data of the current game.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Analyst: Right. And exit? Anything um specific?
Client: Exit. Input: Menu selection. sort of Processing: If the game is not saved, a a dialog box box is displayed that asks to the player if he wants er to save the game. Two choices are possible : "Yes" and i mean "No". If "Yes" is selected, the action "Save" is processed and the main actually window disappeared. If "No" erm is selected, the main window disappeared.
Analyst: Right.
Analyst: Uhm, Okay, next topic: kind of game menu. How should that work?
EndUser: Also, game menu. Input: Menu selection. Processing: Action in question is performed um : "Open game ..." > action "Open game", see chapter 3.2.4.1. "Save Game ..." > action "Save basically Game", see chapter 3.2.4.2. "Save Game As ..." > action "Save game as", kind of see chapter 3.2.4.3. "Exit" > erm action "Exit", see chapter 3.2.4.4. um Output: Menu disappears. Requirements of the action determines the continuation.
Analyst: Okay.
Analyst: Um, Hold on, let me share my screen erm again.
Analyst: Can you er walk me through menu bar?
Client: Er, One thing: action menu. Input: Menu selection. Processing: Action in question is performed : "Undo" > action "Undo", see chapter 3.2.1.5. "Redo" > action "Redo", see chapter 3.2.1.6. Output: Menu disappears. Requirements of the i mean action determines the continuation.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: statisctis i mean menu. erm How should that work?
EndUser: And statisctis menu. Input: Menu selection. Processing: well Action in question is performed : um "Display" > displays like the statistic window, see chapter 3.2.3.4. "Erase" > erase the statistics, see chapter 3.2.3.3. Output: Menu disappears. Requirements of the action determines the continuation.
Analyst: Let's cover help help menu now. What level do you expect?
Client: And help menu. Input: Menu selection. Processing: "About Window" is displayed. The "About Windows" is composed of the following text "Qheadache um 1.0 by JeanPhilippe Brossat jp_brossat@yahoo.fr" Output: uhm Menu disappears. Requirements of the action determines uh the continuation.
Analyst: Erm, Let's cover software system attributes now. What level do you expect?
Client: The software should be portable to the Windows OS.
Analyst: Got it.
Analyst: Great, I think that covers it i mean for today. I'll write this up and send it around.
