Analyst: Okay, let's get started. Thanks for joining. Today I'd um like to understand what you need for DRAFT FOR THE DEFENSE INFORMATION INFRASTRUCTURE (DII) COMMON OPERATIN....
Client: XML Services provide infrastructure services for for mission and support applications using XML technology. These services isolate vendor-unique implementations of data access and provide applications um a means of avoiding dependencies on i mean physical access models. These services also provide data management functions for access to distributed (local and remote) database well management systems as one of the solutions for for interoperablity.
Analyst: Uhm, Right. And required states and modes? Anything specific?
EndUser: Environmental Mode: This is the real-time operations that should react to to varying degrees of readiness to full scale wartime operations actually such as crisis planning with the use of well heterogeneous data types erm and sources, transfer capabilities, data management um services.
Client: COE Compliance. well XML Services ought to kind of be segmented. COE sponsors shall adhere uh to compliance level requirements described in the I&RTS.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Client: In the fixed (static) mode of operation (base or data processing megacenter), the data management services ought to have the capability of being tuned by on-site personnel to adjust for varying workloads and sizes of associated databases. These workloads and uhm databases are expected to basically change more sort of frequently and to a greater extent than for processing associated with deployed units. in a changing (dynamic) environment, such as with deployed units, the workload and database sizes may be more predetermined (given a sort of more precise mission) and require access to fewer data management administrative uhm capabilities uh than needed in a fixed environment. The XS will need to have the ability to redefine or reset names of connect descriptors to database server instances. Connect descriptors are fully qualified object names and include address (protocol/host/port) and instance name.
Analyst: Yeah.
EndUser: In er a degraded basically communications environment, actually there erm is a need, i mean for example, to be able to reset session time-out values if the data management services [laughter] are being accessed by users affected by the communications degradation. At a minimum, the session time-out values should be user definable and be able to be reset prior like to initialization of a user session. The goal is to provide the i mean option of dynamically changing session time values based on current communications performance identified by you know capabilities of the network management or DBMS. end User Mode: Portion of XS services will need to be used by various classes of users: data consumers, data and database managers, network information infrastructure resource managers. Some of these uses of the data management services kind of will entail unique requirements erm that shall you know be fulfilled within the capability of XS er services.
Client: Maintenance Mode: This mode includes modification and/or addition uh of application data segments, user permission, privileges, and sort of restructuring storage and memory areas. In addition, maintenance also ought to pertain to like shutdown, open not-mounted and online/off-line implementations, modifications, upgrade, or other related actions. kind of The data management services shall like support managing various types of data, database architectures and platforms that includes hardware and software at the specified sites.
Analyst: Right.
Client: Training Mode. In support of training activities, the data management services ought to provide for the same processing well as would be basically encountered in a production um environment. However, access to the database may may be like via a training application access to the DBMS rather than from er the production mission application.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Analyst: Uh, What are your expectations regarding xml services capability requirements?
EndUser: The XS would have to deliver inter-related components as uh shown in figure 3.2-1. [pause]
Analyst: Just to confirm, uh the XS would have to deliver inter-related components as shown in figure 3.2-1?
EndUser: Yeah, exactly.
EndUser: By the way, are we still meeting on Thursday?
Analyst: Er, So, let's talk you know about register like terms and structures (e.g., uh tags, dtds, dcds). basically What do you need there?
Client: Erm, Producer services A producer basically is an agent that contributes metadata for inclusion into an actually XML Registry for the purposes of ensuring maximum uh semantic understanding of uhm a term as it it appears in an XML document. erm To contribute metadata to a registry, the producer will need to be able to receive XML registry forms, submit metadata and the related information resource artifacts, and notify. Produce um and display actually submittal forms as part of the Information Resource Submittal Package from the web containing the following Information Resource artifacts: XML Tag Specification, XML Spec (i.e. DTD, DCD etc.), Sample of XML document of the tag to i mean be submitted. The Package is to be compressed and emailed or sent ftp actually to an addressee. Download uh Information Resource Submittal Package from the uh web containing forms, instructions, and tools for submission to XML well Registry. Submit prescribed metadata related to information resource type, um information resource association, status code, data types specified and other related information specified in Appendix A within a combination of forms. These forms are are part of the Information Resource Submittal Package containing the following Information Resource artifacts: XML Tag Specification, XML Spec (i.e. DTD, DCD etc.), Sample of XML document of the tag to be submitted. The Package is you know to be compressed and basically emailed or sent ftp to an addressee. Submit i mean metadata by an on-line interactive process Submit metadata by a off-line and and interactive like batch process like Parse submitted XML Registry specification forms Populate XML Registry database Modify of specified terms & definitions of metadata and status of Information Resources. Associate Information Resources specified in well Appendix A. Annotate like rejected? Assemble registered information resources to form new components. Assemble new DTDs from current Produce DTD as an instantiation (others are um database schema, message definition) for modeling environment. Notify change in uh Information Resources or authorized producer of tag. basically Provide a capability to post planned changes to basically a registry Approve and reject submissions Forward request to different registry. consumer services. A consumer examines a registry to select a tag structure for reuse in one or more applications that will exchange data according to uhm a pre-defined agreement. Discovery View the XML um Tags kind of with the uh following relationships: Ancestor/ Descendant relationship: Provide the capability to view a Tag's origin Uses/Used by relationship: i mean Provide the capability to view a complex Container Tag's basically parent/child relationship Data type information: Provide the capability to view a tag's data type and related information. Versioning relationship: Provide the capability to view an Information resource's versions Reference Sets: Provide sort of the capability to view text related to the domai values or the uh related reference set Amplifying information: Provide the capability to view other information you know resources such um as ERwin models, DTDs, documents, etc., which describe actually or otherwise provide amplifying information. View the XML Tags Tags via a tree/hierarchy structure or tabular format. View the XML Tags by giving the user multiple search options to find a specific uh Tag. View the XML tags by giving the uh user the search option to find all tags of a basically given subscriber/author. er Each Information i mean Resource will have its uh own web page to allow the user to view all pertinent information, according to its information resource type. View View the Information Resource Submittal Package containing the following Information Resource artifacts: XML Tag Specification, XML Spec (i.e. DTD, DCD like etc.), Sample of XML document of the tag um to actually be submitted. Display an XML Tag you know Specification form to the author of a given information resource. This XML Tag Spec will be used for inputting the requesting information for a specific Information Resource. Provide uhm capabilities to download the XML Tags or other selected Information Resources. Catalog entities and attributes within servers well to enable browsing, searching, retrieving of data related well to XML sources. uh Process ANSI standard basically SQL kind of as specified like in FIPS PUB 127-2 basically Establish rules to ensure maximum semantic understanding of a a term as it appears in an XML document Links to DTDs, DCDs, Namespace Provide a capability to actually subscribe for for notification of changes to Communities of Interest (COE) or Information Resources.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
EndUser: Erm, Consume xml & like schema like documents Parsers (dom, sax) Check conformance Well-formed Validate Create validation constraints will sort of need to enable a meaningful sharing of XML-based schemas and related information. well Extract semantically-valid views from an you know XML um document (e.g., XSL) Disassemble hierarchical view to relational representation Render.
Analyst: Just to confirm, consume xml & schema documents Parsers (dom, sax) Check conformance Well-formed Validate erm Create actually validation constraints should enable a meaningful sharing of XML-based schemas and related information. Extract semantically-valid views from an XML document (e.g., XSL) Disassemble hierarchical view to relational representation Render?
EndUser: Right, correct.
Analyst: Erm, Hold on, let me um share my screen again.
Analyst: Right. And um registry services? Anything specific?
Client: The Registry uh ought to provide standard APIs as specified in Appendix B.
Analyst: Right.
Analyst: Let's cover data access services internal interface requirements actually now. What level do you expect?
TechLead: We need the XS function to provide standard APIs as specified in um Appendix C.
Analyst: Can kind of you walk me through general needs?
Client: I'd like the XS to internally interface (transparent to the operator) uhm with the existing data elements of the sort of DBIF, er DAC, and COTS RDBMS products.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Uhm, Let's cover registry services environment requirements now. What level do you expect?
TechLead: The Registry software would have to be portable and required to execute on COE-compliant platforms.
Analyst: What about personnel-related requirements? well Any constraints we should know about?
TechLead: Personnel requirements should be able to be determined by the [pause] um developers of the system in which the XS module is embedded.
Analyst: Yeah.
Analyst: Er, What about training-related requirements? Any constraints we should know about?
TechLead: Training requirements should be determined by the developers of the system in which the XS module is embedded.
Analyst: What about um packaging requirements? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: Uhm, The XS software ought to be delivered in accordance with DII COE er guidelines.
Analyst: Okay.
Analyst: Erm, Great, I think that like covers it for today. I'll write this up and send it around.
