Analyst: Okay, uh let's get started. Thanks for for joining. Today I'd like like to understand what you need for for Gamma-J Connecting Retailers through the World Gamma-J i mean Gamma-J Web Sto....
Client: This Web Store is designed to allow new er online store erm owners a quick and easy means to setup and perform um sales and other core business over erm the internet. Version 1 is planned for implementation on a "plug and basically play" USB um Key. Expandable with unique codes, um the owners can purchase to expand the inventory.
Analyst: Erm, What about operating environment? Any constraints we should know about?
TechLead: The system ought to use SQL based database to store inventory information. also, USB interface and divers are provided by Yoggie Corporation.
Analyst: What about design uhm and implementation constraints? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: Should use a SQL well based database. SQL standard is the most widely used database format. Restricting to SQL allows easy um of use use and compatibility for for Web Store.
Client: Compatibility is only kind of tested and verified for Microsoft Internet Explorer you know version 6 er and 7, Netscape Communicator Version 4 and 5. Other versions may not be 100% compatible. Also other browsers such as Mozilla or Firefox may not be 100% compatible.
Analyst: Uhm, Let's uh cover user documentation now. What um level do you expect?
Client: Will need to install online help for users via the web interface.
Analyst: Erm, Just to confirm, will need to install online help for users via the web interface?
Client: Yeah, exactly.
Client: Ought to deliver Operations and Maintenance manual, Users Guide um book, and Installation Instructions for the Administrator.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: like customer accounts. you know How should that work?
EndUser: Customers should be able able to create accounts to store their customer profiles, configure contact information, view their purchase history, and confirm orders.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Client: Uh, Customers should be able to register, log in, and log out of their accounts. furthermore, Customer profiles will also like include payment information, such as the ability to store credit card information, and address information.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: inventory management. How should that work?
EndUser: We need need products to be stored in multi-tiered uh categories; a category can like contain sub categories i mean or basically products.
Analyst: Just to confirm, products would have to be stored in multi-tiered categories; a category can contain sub sub categories actually or um products?
EndUser: Yeah, exactly.
EndUser: The inventory management would have to allow for erm administrators to update the categories, the products placed in categories, and the specific product details.
Analyst: Uh, Just to to confirm, we need the inventory management to allow um for administrators to update the categories, the products placed in categories, kind of and the specific product details?
EndUser: Yes, that's it.
Analyst: What are your expectations uh regarding shopping cart?
EndUser: Erm, We need the shopping cart to clearly display um the number of items in the the cart, along with the total cost. it's important that the customer can also be able to add to or remove products from er the shopping i mean cart prior to um checkout and order confirmation.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: order confirmation. How should that work?
Client: Customers would need to be able to confirm the order after checkout.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
EndUser: If basically the order is is incorrect, basically the customer will be able to revise and update i mean their order.
EndUser: It's important that the customer can then receive a i mean confirmation email with the specific order details.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: interface. How should that work?
EndUser: Uh, Customers would need to be able to be presented with basically an an unambiguous interface to assist in browsing the categories actually and products.
Client: We want customers to be able uh to search for products matching their search criteria. I'd like the system uhm to implement an Application you know Interface sort of to allow for various plug-ins to interact with the system.
Client: We need the plug-in API to be well documented and well specifications will be provided to plug-in developers.
Analyst: Let's well cover si-1: weborder browser interface now. What level do you expect?
TechLead: Uh, The order database of WebOrder would you know have to communicate with the basically account system through a uh programmatic er interface for the billing operations. through programmatic interface, WebOrder will well transmit information of items ordered by customers to to the the Inventory management system.
Analyst: Just to confirm, through programmatic interface, WebOrder will transmit information i mean of of items ordered well by customers to the Inventory management system?
TechLead: Yes, that's it.
Analyst: Er, Let's cover um communications uh interfaces now. What level do you expect?
TechLead: The WebOrder system kind of should send an e-mail confirmation to the customer that the items they ordered will be delivered to the the shipping address along with like tracking number. I'd like the WebOrder system i mean to send an e-mail to System Administrator sort of regarding any technical queries from customers or sales people.
Analyst: Got it.
Analyst: Er, What about quality attribute requirements? Any constraints we should actually know about?
TechLead: Upon the USB USB being plugged in the system should be able to to be deployed and operational in erm less than 1 minute.
TechLead: The system should basically be able to to handle 1000 customers logged in concurrently at the same time.
Client: We want the system to be able to retrieve 200 products per second.
Analyst: Yeah.
Client: The system would need to be able to add product to you know shopping cart in less than 2ms.
Client: We want the system to be able to search for a specified product in less than 1 second. we want the system like to be able to email customer and vendor in less than uh 1 second.
Analyst: Yeah.
Client: The system should be able to validate credit card in less than 2 seconds. we want the system to be able to acquire um shipping um charges in sort of less than 2 seconds.
Analyst: Okay.
TechLead: The system should be able to restore 1000 records per second.
Analyst: Let's cover safety requirements now. What level do actually you expect?
TechLead: The system would have to do periodic backups through a live internet actually connection.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Analyst: Let's cover security requirements now. What level do you expect?
Client: The system should validate credit cards against fraud. the system should encrypt all customer er data well in database.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Client: The system should auto detect IP DOS attacks and block IP automatically.
TechLead: The The system ought to detect uh consecutive failed login attempts. the system ought to erm be protected by open uhm source firewall called Firestarter. you know http://www.fs-security.com/.
Analyst: Let's cover availability requirements now. What level uh do you expect?
TechLead: We need uh the system to have an availability of 99.99%.
Analyst: Er, What are your expectations uh regarding efficiency requirements?
Client: The system would have to perform searches via Dijkstra's shortest path algorithm. for returning customers, the system ought to validate 'existing' credit card in uhm system after each log log in.
EndUser: The The system should automatically erm compress uhm image files that are too large uh in size.
EndUser: The system ought to employ on on demand you know asynchronous loading for faster execution of pages.
Analyst: Let's cover usability requirements now. What level do kind of you expect?
Client: The system would basically have to utilize help bubbles to i mean assist managers, customers, and administrators. we need um the system to employ easy to locate buttons.
Client: The kind of system would have kind of to prompt customer with friend easy to read error messages. I'd like the system to utilize consistent symbols and and colors for clear notifications.
Analyst: What about i mean maintainability requirements? Any constraints we should know about?
TechLead: Er, The system ought to utilize actually interchangeable uh plugins.
Analyst: Got it.
Client: The system ought to be easily updatable for fixes and patches. er the system should create logs of kind of all changes, uh updates, or fixes that are done to the site.
Analyst: Erm, What about portability requirements? Any constraints we you know should know about?
Client: Uhm, The system should be extremely portable via the usb drive. I'd like the system to be easy to migrate or backed up via another usb drive.
Analyst: Er, Let's cover well testability requirements now. What level do you expect?
Client: Um, It's important that the well system can basically run under debug mode.
TechLead: We want the system you know to be able to er run uh test shipping orders.
Client: Um, We want want the um system to kind of be able to create test environment of weborder system.
EndUser: By the way, are we still meeting on Thursday?
Analyst: So, let's talk about other requirements. What um do you need there?
Client: The system er hardware ought to be be fixed and patched via an internet connection. yoggie would have to coordinate on future enhancement and features with our organization.
EndUser: Er, I'd like the system to adhere to the um following hardware requirements: 4GB Flash ram chip 128MB SDRAM Intel XScale PXA270 520-MHz chipset OS: Apache web server Database: basically MySQL.
Analyst: What about preconditions? Any constraints we should know about?
TechLead: It's important that sales Person can access the weborder system via a web browser with with HTTPS.
Analyst: Great, I think uh that covers it for today. I'll write this up and send uhm it around.
