Analyst: Okay, let's get started. Thanks for um joining. Today I'd like to understand uh what you need for OUTBREAK um MANAGEMENT FUNCTIONAL REQUIREMENTS.
Client: Outbreak Management (OM) er is the PHIN functional actually area area intended to support actually the needs of investigation, monitoring, management, analysis, and reporting of a uh health event or act of bioterrorism. Central to the functionality of a system supporting OM is the ability to collect data related to cases and exposures uh and to create traceable links between all i mean appropriate entities. By tracing the mechanism of transmission and identifying the source of the health event, the appropriate response staff can more effectively contain the event.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: outbreak management functional uh requirements. How should that work?
Client: Uh, Analysis, Visualization, and Report Generation: Systems supporting OM actually should erm enable investigators to to produce kind of both aggregated and individual reports about affected entities and events. system Integration and Data Data like Exchange: OM information ought to be exchangeable, kind of based on established standards, between sort of systems involved in the investigation, identification, confirmation, and reporting of a health event.
EndUser: Uhm, System Security and Availability: Security of like OM data includes the protection of data from corruption and access by unauthorized individuals, as well as the protection of the actual systems supporting OM from sabotage or other failure. A plan ought to uh be established for continuing activities when when systems supporting OM are unavailable.
Analyst: Got it.
Analyst: Right. And system sort of architecture? Anything specific?
EndUser: Uhm, Systems supporting OM ought to um support structured data entry for common forms and fields to ensure data integrity, validity, and standardization.
Analyst: Just to er confirm, I'd like systems sort of supporting erm OM to support structured data entry for common forms and fields to ensure data integrity, validity, and basically standardization?
EndUser: Yes, that's it.
EndUser: We need systems supporting OM to provide um the ability for computers in um disconnected mode uhm to reconnect to a server to share OM data kind of among other computers that operate uh in disconnected mode.
EndUser: We need OM data to be well synchronized so that all instances of OM applications working from the same server uhm are able to share and use um the same data. systems supporting OM would need to be able to electronically like record and store data from remote well devices that may be uploaded to an aggregating system.
Client: Erm, Systems like supporting OM OM ought to be capable of using configurable, domain-specific vocabulary.
Analyst: So, let's talk about erm entity well data. What do you well need there?
EndUser: Uh, Systems supporting er OM [pause] should have have the basically capability you know to capture demographic data about persons i mean involved in an OM investigation, including: Subject ID, name, address, date of birth, gender, phone number, race, ethnicity, uh and country of citizenship.
Analyst: Got it.
EndUser: Systems supporting OM ought to have the capability to well capture data about well organizations (e.g., a local health well department, a university, you know a professional association) involved well in an OM investigation, including: organization name, location, and contact information. systems supporting OM ought to to have the capability to capture data about you know any like animals involved in an OM you know investigation, um including: type (dog, uh monkey, etc), age, gender, kind of owner's name and i mean address, color, weight, and species.
Client: I'd kind of like systems supporting OM to have er the capability basically to capture data well for any object involved in an OM uhm investigation, sort of such as erm a letter, invoice, food item, or any object that cannot be classified as a "person, organization, place, or animal." Collected data may include: name of the object, type, physical descriptors, kind of address, identification number (e.g. serial uh number, package slip number), and sort of relevant dates and times (e.g., invoice date, shipping date, packaging date). systems supporting OM would have uh to have the the capability to capture data about any public or private gathering of people (e.g., church social, ball game) involved in an OM like investigation, including: time, location, nature of the event, etc.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: health event data. How should that work?
EndUser: Uhm, When a a sort of health event is investigated, er it ought to be assigned an event identifier (i.e., Event ID) that is unique within the jurisdiction.
EndUser: Data describing the health event should er be captured, including sort of the reason for the investigation, the category of event (e.g. environmental, infectious), the date the event began, the suspected agent (if known) or investigation focus, the geographic area impacted by the event, as um well as the event status (e.g., open, closed).
Analyst: Okay, next topic: travel history and conveyance data. How should that work?
Client: Information about each leg of a trip, as well i mean as the um parent information about the trip, should be captured.
EndUser: For example, if a person who lives in uhm Georgia basically travels to i mean Seattle and becomes exposed to like monkey pox, uhm then visits a friend in Santa Fe, travel history and conveyance data should be noted erm accordingly for er each place the exposed person traveled.
Analyst: Just to confirm, for example, if a actually person who lives in Georgia travels to Seattle and becomes exposed actually to monkey pox, then visits a friend in Santa Fe, travel history and conveyance data should be noted accordingly for each well place the the exposed person traveled?
EndUser: Yes, that's it.
Client: Travel history data to be collected for an animal or object should include shipping invoices, animal shelter um delivery and adoption receipts, and delivery schedules (including delivery vehicle and driver information).
Analyst: Can you walk me through uhm case investigation and exposure contact data?
EndUser: Because attributes of both case like and exposure data may describe the same entity, systems supporting OM ought to uh have the ability to to avoid capturing redundant entity demographic information.
Analyst: Okay.
Client: Case data about the um entity should include: a case identifier (i.e., Case Case ID) that well is unique within the jurisdiction being reported, the suspected uhm agent, case diagnosis, health uhm status (e.g., no symptoms, acute illness), case status (e.g., confirmed, probable, suspect), investigation dates, clinical erm history, symptom onset date and time, epidemiological links to other cases, like and priority (e.g., high, medium, low). epidemiological (epi) data will need to be collected to assist in the case investigation of events.
Analyst: Yeah.
EndUser: Detailed data ought well to be collected about the source of exposure as well as the exposed entity to support contact exposure tracing. we need well epi data to um be collected to assist in in the exposure investigation of health events.
Analyst: Erm, Okay, next topic: kind of specimen/sample collection and well laboratory response data. How should that work?
EndUser: Specimen/sample collection and laboratory response data supports the collection of clinical specimens, food samples, environmental samples, and i mean other types of sort of samples that will be tested for biological, chemical, and radiological agents. specimens/samples collected like for for laboratory testing will need to be assigned an identifier (i.e., Specimen i mean ID) that is unique within the jurisdiction.
Client: It's important that sort of systems supporting OM can store data about the specimens/samples that are collected uh for laboratory testing.
Client: I'd like environmental sample data to to uhm include information about the collection method, location (geocoded if possible) from which the sample was taken, source (e.g., rain or well for water, radiation release, asbestos, chair or desk in a actually specified location), nature of the sample (e.g., soil, water, air), quality control data, collection begin and end date and time for air samples, and original volume and volume of concentrate tested for water samples.
EndUser: I'd like you know food sample data to include actually information about the lot number, well batch number, manufacturer name, shipping invoice, temperature, sample type (e.g., dairy – milk, red meat, spice), and product storage condition. systems supporting basically OM would need to be able to create a laboratory test request basically for a specimen/sample or group of specimens/samples.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
EndUser: Uh, All uh levels of granularity of results (e.g., specimen/sample level, assay level) will need to be be supported.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: prophylaxis and treatment data. How should that work?
EndUser: We need systems supporting OM to capture or be linked to data like regarding the er prophylaxis or treatment to cases, exposed individuals, or like at risk persons, including the the person who ordered the prophylaxis or or treatment, and the name, date, type, duration, and well dosage of uhm the treatment or prophylaxis given.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: activity basically logging data. How should that work?
Client: Systems supporting OM should capture i mean information such uh as the date and time of uhm an activity, activity type, who initiated the activity, and contact information to generate activity logs for management purposes. activity logs, which are are tools for investigators to track um their actions during a case, should um be supported.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
EndUser: For example, if a person becomes basically ill during travel in one jurisdiction but is the resident er of another, sort of the illness will be reported by the state (jurisdiction) of residence, rather than by the jurisdiction visited.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Analyst: Right. And actually case investigation? Anything specific?
EndUser: I'd basically like electronic questionnaires to be developed and validated. systems supporting OM would have to provide the ability to control the configuration of and revisions to investigation-specific questionnaires.
Client: I'd like systems supporting OM to kind of provide the ability um to publish investigation-specific questionnaires and and implementation guides.
Analyst: Got it.
EndUser: Case investigation should be supported by i mean reusable questionnaire libraries sort of that use basically common terminology (where available) to maximize the efficiency of data exchange.
Analyst: Um, Okay, next topic: linking. How should that work?
EndUser: Systems supporting OM ought to support like dynamically defined associations between entities for the actually purpose of defining relationships.
Client: I'd like like entity-to-epi data links to match the entity to their symptoms, survey questions, specimens/samples collected, laboratory results, and prophylaxis and treatment data. actually each new case would need to be able kind of to link an assigned Entity ID to um an Event ID within the scope of the actually investigation.
EndUser: I'd like these linkages to unambiguously sort of associate i mean multiple laboratory results to case case and contact identifiers.
EndUser: If the specimen/sample uh was created from another specimen/sample um (e.g., you know aliquots, and er new specimen types created from a source sample), laboratory results for the child specimens/samples should be linked to the corresponding parent specimen/sample.
Analyst: Right.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: contact exposure tracing. How should that work?
Client: Systems supporting OM OM should be be able able to i mean create new contacts from existing case records, and should also identify the contact type. systems supporting OM erm should er be able to i mean produce contact work lists for each investigator to use, and er should allow sorting by priority or or geography.
Analyst: So, let's talk about analysis, visualization, and report generation. What do do you need there?
Client: Systems supporting OM would have to allow actually for analytical searches based upon multiple criteria.
Analyst: Just to confirm, systems supporting OM ought to allow for analytical searches based upon multiple criteria?
Client: Mm-hmm, yes.
EndUser: Um, I'd like systems supporting OM to have the ability to produce charts, maps, and graphs that erm illustrate OM data, such as epi-curves and the effect of vaccination or or prophylaxis actually on the number of new cases (demonstrating the effectiveness in containing the i mean health event) or maps that illustrate the number of cases by zip code. we need systems supporting kind of OM to generate electronic data dictionaries for you know dynamic data (or other user-defined data descriptions to assist with you know effective data exchange), line lists, activity logs, aggregate data, and call-back lists to to assist the emergency response group and actually investigators in responding to and uhm containing a health event.
EndUser: I'd like systems supporting OM to have kind of the ability to produce pre-formatted queries and er reports to allow faster and more actually accurate reporting, while still allowing the flexibility of ad-hoc reporting. it's important that systems supporting sort of OM can aggregate data.
Analyst: What are your expectations regarding system integration and data exchange?
EndUser: Systems sort of supporting OM would need to be able to accept data from other uh partner systems supporting OM. we want systems supporting OM OM to be able to create and send messages for laboratory test basically requests.
EndUser: Laboratory uhm results would have to be linked to laboratory test requests, which are linked to subjects. we you know want systems supporting OM to be able to create i mean and send messages for countermeasure administration requests.
Client: It's important that systems supporting OM can provide kind of the aggregate data necessary for health event monitoring to systems that support response tracking, such as the number uh of suspect cases, number of persons under isolation or quarantine, and the number of patients receiving countermeasures. we need message components to be grouped by observation type uh (e.g., laboratory, symptom, exposure, risk, treatment) by systems supporting er OM.
Analyst: Okay, next er topic: operations. How should that work?
EndUser: Erm, Policies and procedures for communicating information uh to appropriate stakeholders (e.g., state and federal emergency management organizations, FEMA, hazmat teams, public works facilities, intelligence organizations, the media, and and the public) should be clearly defined. configuration management protocols um and personnel well should be erm identified to support multiple deployment um options.
Analyst: What about system security and availability? Any constraints we should know about?
TechLead: Um, Systems and and data i mean supporting OM should be protected i mean from sabotage, corruption and unauthorized access, and must be available subsequent to a catastrophic event. security and kind of Availability requirements that span PHIN functional um areas should be be reviewed in "PHIN Preparedness Cross i mean Functional Components Requirements", available at you know www.cdc.gov/phin.
Analyst: Great, I think i mean that covers it for today. I'll write this up and send it around.
