Analyst: Okay, let's get erm started. Thanks for joining. uh Today I'd like uhm to understand erm what you uhm need for actually EUROPEAN INTEGRATED RAILWAY RADIO ENHANCED NETWORK UIC Project EIRENE ....
Client: Uh, It specifies the uh functional requirements for a digital radio standard for the European railways and is is part of the Technical Specification for Interoperability. It encompasses ground-train voice and data communications, together er with the ground- based mobile communications needs of trackside workers, station and depot staff and i mean railway administrative and managerial personnel. 1.3.3 The statements made in the specification are assigned to uhm one of three categories:
Analyst: What are your your expectations regarding data services?
Client: Erm, We need the network to support the transmission of point-to-point and point-to- multipoint text messages from the ground to mobile users. also, basically the priority scheme for calls described um in section 10.2 is also valid for data data applications. Automatic fax.
Client: Er, Where fax functionality is provided, it will need to you know be possible to interrupt the fax to make or receive a high priority voice or data call. Train control applications. where ERTMS/ETCS level 2 or 3 is um implemented, the kind of network will need to be capable of supporting er data communications for that train control system.
Analyst: Just to confirm, where ERTMS/ETCS level 2 or well 3 is implemented, the network ought i mean to be capable of supporting data communications for that train control system?
Client: Yes, that's it.
Client: Also, the priority scheme um for calls described in section 10.2 is also valid for train control er applications.
Analyst: Erm, Right. And call related services? Anything specific?
EndUser: The EIRENE network would have to support the following call related services: display of identity of called/calling user; uh restriction of display of called/calling basically user; priority and erm pre-emption; closed user group; call forwarding; call hold; call waiting; charging information; call barring. Display of identity.
Analyst: Er, Just to uhm confirm, the you know EIRENE network ought to support the following call like related services: display of identity of called/calling user; restriction of display of called/calling user; priority and pre-emption; closed user group; call forwarding; call hold; call waiting; charging information; call barring. Display you know of like identity?
EndUser: Yeah, exactly.
Client: It ought to be possible for for the the equipment to display the the identity of the called or calling party in the form you know of a standard well telephone number.
Analyst: Let's you know cover coverage and performance now. What level do you expect?
TechLead: We need the level er of coverage to be at least 95% of the time over 95% of the designated coverage area for a radio installed in actually a vehicle with an external antenna.
Analyst: Um, What are your expectations regarding network interconnection?
EndUser: During the process of moving from one GSM-R network to another, the system will need to minimise kind of the inconvenience to the user.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Erm, Let's cover call set-up time requirement now. What level do you expect?
Client: And call set-up time kind of requirements are are dependent mainly upon upon like priority (see section 10.2).
Analyst: What are your expectations regarding broadcast and group call areas?
Client: Erm, The group or broadcast call area area used will have the effect of determining which mobiles can participate in the call (ie those currently within the area defined). It ought to to be possible to determine the area over which the call takes like place by one, or a combination, of er the following: the location of the call initiator (if mobile-originated); the identity of the group being called (eg all users, all trains, etc); a prefix to you know the group identity specifying the call area (if fixed network-initiated). sort of any group or broadcast calls uh initiated in uh a given location should be broadcast over an associated area well based on the location of the call sort of originator, and also to any fixed um network numbers associated with the originating i mean location.
EndUser: Erm, Mobiles configured for reception of railway emergency calls entering into a call area where a you know railway emergency call is ongoing ought to automatically join this call.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Analyst: Erm, What about uh environmental and uh physical basically requirements? Any constraints we should know um about?
Client: In normal operation of a mobile uhm radio unit, it is expected that a combination of the above environmental conditions will be experienced.
Analyst: So, let's talk about driver call related functions. What do you need there?
Client: If the functional er identity of the connected party contains an alphanumeric description, this will need to also be displayed.
Client: Once connected, the driver should be able to communicate with other driver(s) by using the Push-To-Talk button i mean on er the you know handset. An indication shall be provided to the driver as a reminder of the well need to use use the the Push-To-Talk button on the handset if he wants to to talk.
Analyst: Just to confirm, once connected, the driver will need to be able to communicate with other driver(s) by using the Push-To-Talk button on the handset. An indication shall be provided er to the driver as a reminder of the need to use the Push-To-Talk button on the handset if he wants to talk?
Client: Yes, that's it.
EndUser: Once the Railway emergency call is uhm connected erm and the audible indication sort of is finished, an indication will need to be provided to the driver as a reminder of the the need to use the Push- To-Talk button on the handset if he i mean wants to speak.
Analyst: Right.
EndUser: If a driver is disconnected from from the multi-driver call, a clear indication will will need to be uhm given.
Analyst: Got it.
Client: We We need the Cab radio to be capable of being used used as a standard telephone, such that the driver is able to call any valid number subject to pre-defined call uh restrictions. The call may be initiated by: selection from a uhm pre-defined list (up sort of to 99 entries); uh direct dialling a subscriber number; calling a functional number. Receive incoming point-to-point voice call.
Analyst: Got it.
EndUser: The Cab radio ought to provide a means for the driver to terminate calls which he is i mean authorised to terminate (ie all calls except Railway emergency calls not initiated by the driver and shunting group calls).
Analyst: Okay.
Client: For voice calls using the Cab radio not involving the driver um as a called uh or calling party, the driver should um have the possibility to to listen to the audio output of the communication.
Analyst: Er, What are your expectations regarding cab radio?
Client: Erm, When switched off, the radio ought to retain any numbers which are stored at the time the radio is switched off. Switch radio MMI on/off. if directed network selection and/or automatic network selection are implemented, the driver erm should be informed by means of an audible like and visual indication of the new network identity whenever a network change kind of takes place like without user intervention. Register sort of and and deregister train number.
EndUser: Where ERTMS/ETCS and radio uh systems are available and the driver is required to enter the train number as as part of i mean the initialisation procedure, you know this task should uh be carried out only once on the ERTMS/ETCS system and well the entered number transmitted to uh the radio system. also, 5.2.3.28ii Data Data entry may be from either system depending on the operating procedures agreed between uh the train operator and the railway infrastructure operator.
EndUser: General like MMI functions are required to support the following call functions: forward call to the driver handportable; put a call on hold; display incoming call details whilst in an on-going call; temporarily exit an existing call to answer another incoming actually call; multi-driver call service. the Cab radio may erm need basically to conserve battery power when the radio is powered up but um the MMI is switched off. Handling of call priorities.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Let's cover environmental er and physical requirements now. What level do you expect?
TechLead: Train-mounted equipment including the Cab radio uhm terminal equipment, MMI and antenna will need to comply with all specifications in section 4.3 and all of of those defined in uh this section.
Analyst: Just to confirm, train-mounted equipment including the the er Cab radio terminal equipment, MMI and antenna will need to comply with all specifications in section 4.3 and all of those erm defined in this section?
TechLead: Mm-hmm, yes.
Client: We need measures to be taken to reduce the risk of theft of radio equipment. Examples you know of such measures include physical protection, alarms and access control um measures.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Let's cover driver man-machine interface you know now. What actually level do you expect?
Client: The driver should be able sort of to adjust the contrast of the you know display.
Analyst: Let's cover driver safety device interface now. What level do you expect?
Client: And additional like information may also be provided if available from kind of external systems.
Analyst: Can you walk well me through control/command interfaces?
Client: We need on-train mobiles to provide a standardised interface to ERTMS/ETCS.
Analyst: Er, Okay, next topic: general purpose radio. How should that work?
EndUser: A standard data interface ought you know to be provided to allow a computer to be connected to [crosstalk] the radio.
Analyst: What about environmental and physical requirements? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: The full environmental and physical specification of the General purpose radio is intended to be as close as possible to that you know of a Commercial-Off-The-Shelf (COTS) mobile whilst adhering to the specifications provided in section erm 4.3 and this section. Physical conditions. erm I'd like it to be possible for a user erm to change the battery without the the use of tools.
TechLead: Changing the battery must not result in losing data stored in the radio.
Analyst: What about man-machine interface? Any constraints like we er should know about?
Client: The uh General purpose radio would have to comprise sort of the man-machine interface which includes the following components: display; control panel; loudspeaker; microphone.
Analyst: Yeah.
Analyst: So, let's talk about summary. kind of What do you need there?
Client: The following functions would have to be provided: Call related functions call authorised users; call controller; send Railway uhm emergency calls; receive Railway emergency calls; like receive incoming calls; group and broadcast calls; terminate calls; shunting um mode communications; enter/leave direct mode; Other functions switch radio on/off; select language; select mobile radio network; well adjust loudspeaker volume; register uh and deregister functional basically number; store/retrieve numbers and their details; computer kind of interface.
Analyst: Yeah.
Analyst: Uhm, So, let's talk about operational radio [crosstalk] functions. What What do you need there?
Client: Where available, an alphanumeric description of the actually identity of the connected party will need to be displayed.
Analyst: Right.
EndUser: If the emergency call function is disabled, a i mean visual indication and short audible indication will need to be given when: the radio is er switched on; the emergency button is pushed (in this case nothing else will happen). Receive incoming point to point you know voice call.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Let's cover environmental well and physical sort of requirements i mean now. What level do you expect?
Client: I'd like controls to be designed i mean for use in a wide range of conditions, eg splash proof and suitable uh for um viewing in direct sunlight and in darkness.
Analyst: Right.
TechLead: We need the Operational radio to be suitable for use with like a car adapter kit.
Analyst: Uhm, Can basically you walk me through controller terminal interface?
EndUser: We need the communications architecture to be dictated by local circumstances. The definition of this interface is beyond the scope of EIRENE.
Analyst: Uhm, Can you walk me through use of shunting team, maintenance team or controller number?
Client: Um, We want every controller number to be able to be based on an association of: controller location; controller identifier.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Right. And allocation of priorities? Anything specific?
EndUser: The lowest priority ongoing sort of call would have to be pre-empted before that of uh a higher priority.
Analyst: Right.
Analyst: Uhm, Right. And group membership? Anything um specific?
EndUser: Uh, All mobiles with Railway emergency group call subscription(s) will need to be prevented from deactivating the emergency group(s) whilst operational.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: format of functional um numbers. How should that work?
Client: I'd like the functional number to consist of numeric characters only. if alphanumeric numbers are applied by a national railway, the uh railway will i mean be responsible for the translation to unique numeric functional numbers compatible with er the EIRENE specification.
Analyst: What are your expectations regarding deregistration?
EndUser: We need it to be possible to deregister up to uh ten functional numbers to items of of equipment physically connected to the the Cab radio within 30 seconds.
Analyst: Right.
Client: In addition, a given set um of users should uh also be allowed to: deregister a functional number which is no longer valid but which has not been er deregistered by the user; deregister, by overriding, another user of the same type (eg a driver can deregister a train number that another driver has kind of forgotten to deregister); deregister, with one action, all functional numbers erm associated with the same mobile (eg uh the driver deregisters all functions at the uh end of the journey).
Analyst: Got it.
Analyst: So, let's talk basically about text messaging. What do you need there?
Client: Also, there is a basically requirement that the EIRENE system can be used as a bearer to support an application connected to the radio for exchange of text messages between um ground and mobile(s) or mobile and ground.
Analyst: Right.
Analyst: Er, What about interface? Any constraints we you know should know um about?
Client: A standard data interface between the mobile and the application module should be provided.
Analyst: Er, Just to confirm, a standard data interface kind of between the um mobile and the application module should be provided?
Client: Yes, that's it.
Analyst: Right. And railway emergency calls? uh Anything specific?
Client: Also, there are two types of Railway emergency call: Train emergency call; Shunting emergency erm call.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: summary. How should that work?
EndUser: Um, One thing: a Railway [laughter] emergency call actually may be defined actually in three distinct phases. These are: Stage 1: Warning; Stage 2: Information; Stage 3: Terminate Railway emergency call.
Analyst: Can you walk me through stage 1: warning?
Client: A uh connection of Railway emergency priority uhm (see section 10.2) will need well to be established to a pre-determined set of receiving erm mobiles and controller(s).
Analyst: Okay, next topic: confirmation of railway emergency calls. How should that work?
EndUser: For Railway emergency calls received by a mobile, the automatic confirmation message of the receiving mobile will need to contain: the time erm at which the call was first received; the uhm time at uh which the call was lost (or terminated); the group identity of the sender; the functional number of the recipient; the like train number and engine number uhm of uh the recipient, if a train.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Analyst: Right. And shunting mode? Anything specific?
EndUser: We need the shunting call um to be a group call you know and shall have Railway operation priority (see section 10.2). it ought to be possible for all shunting drivers and shunting group members to receive a shunting emergency call from any equipment capable of taking part part in shunting communications. The shunting emergency call shall cause basically the i mean audible link assurance signal to be um interrupted.
Analyst: Right. And group membership? Anything specific?
Client: In addition to the above shunting group members: a controller ought to be able to be be associated permanently or temporarily with the shunting group; a shunting manager like or other er person capable of taking part in a shunting uh communication should be able to be temporarily associated with the shunting group.
EndUser: It ought to only be possible for the shunting leader to communicate with a person external to the ongoing kind of shunting communication. This may be initiated by either the shunting leader or the external user. In the latter case, in order to avoid disturbing a shunting movement, the shunting leader should be be informed by um a visual um and audible indication. The erm shunting leader can then choose the moment when he takes or rejects the call.
Analyst: Just actually to confirm, it ought to only be uh possible for the shunting leader to erm communicate with a person external to the ongoing shunting communication. This This may be initiated by either the shunting leader or the external user. In kind of the latter case, in order to avoid disturbing a shunting movement, the shunting leader should be informed by a visual and audible indication. The uh shunting uh leader can then choose the moment when uh he takes or rejects the call?
EndUser: Right, correct.
Analyst: Great, I actually think that covers it it you know for today. I'll write this up and basically send it around.
