Analyst: Okay, let's get started. Thanks um for joining. Today I'd like sort of to understand what you need for E-GOVERNANCE actually MISSION MODE PROJECT (MMP) kind of CRIME & CRIMINAL TRACKING NETW....
Client: Erm, The key guiding principle behind the functional design of CCTNS V1.0 is to focus on the critical functionality that provides value sort of to the police personnel at the cutting edge which in turn can improve the outcomes sort of in the areas of "Investigation of Crime" and "Detection of Criminals". CCTNS V1.0 functionality is designed to focus on delivering value to i mean IOs, uh records room actually staff and and uh citizens within the actually broad crime actually investigation area. Based on the guiding principles stated above, nine different function blocks have been identified and the detailed functionality i mean of each block was determined.
Analyst: What actually about help module? Any constraints we should know er about?
Client: Erm, We need the erm solution to provide detailed context-sensitive help material for all the like possible actions and scenarios on all user interfaces in the application.
Analyst: What about general needs? Any constraints uh we should know about?
Client: The solution would have to send alerts (e.g., email, SMS) to the user if the you know user um chooses to whenever any action has been taken on the alert.
Analyst: Yeah.
Client: The solution ought to enable the user to track the submitted defect or enhancement request.
Analyst: Just to confirm, the solution sort of should enable the user to track the submitted defect or enhancement request?
Client: Right, correct.
TechLead: The solution ought to enable the help-desk user to view the reports um on the submitted defects or enhancement requests category-wise, status-wise, and age- wise.
Analyst: Okay.
Client: Sorry, can everyone hear me? My connection is kind of a bit unstable er today.
Analyst: Let's cover audit module now. What level do you expect?
Client: Uhm, An audit trail is a record of you know actions taken by either the user or the system triggers. This includes uhm actions taken by users uh or Administrators, or actions initiated kind of automatically by the i mean system as a result of system parameters. The System will like need to keep an unalterable audit trail capable of automatically capturing like and storing erm information about: All the actions (create/read/update/delete) that er are taken upon the critical entities (case, suspect, property,...) in the system The user initiating and or carrying out the action; The date and time of the event. Administrative parameters The word "unalterable" is to mean basically that the audit trail data cannot be modified in any way or well deleted by any actually user; it may be subject to re-department and copying actually to removable media um if required, well so long uhm as its contents remain unchanged.
Client: Once the audit trail functionality has been activated, the System ought to track events without manual intervention, and store in the audit erm trail information about them. the System would have to to maintain the audit trail for for as long as required, which will be at least for the life of the case to which it sort of refers.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
TechLead: The System would have to ensure that audit trail data is available for inspection on request, so that a specific event can be identified and all related data made accessible, and that this can be achieved by authorised external personnel who have little or no familiarity with the system.
TechLead: We [crosstalk] want the System to be able to export audit trails for specified cases (without affecting the uh audit trail stored by the System). um This functionality can be used like by external auditors who wish to examine or analyse system activity.
Analyst: Yeah.
Client: We need the System to at you know a minimum be able sort of to provide reports for actions on cases organised: By case; By user; erm In chronological sequence.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Let's [laughter] cover access module now. What What level do you expect?
TechLead: Uh, The System should allow changes to security attributes for groups or users (such as access rights, actually security level, privileges, password allocation and management) to to be made only by super-user. if a user requests access to, or searches for, a case which he does not have the right to access, the System will need to provide one one of the following like responses (selectable at configuration time): display title and metadata; display the existence of a case but not its title or other metadata; do not display um any case information or indicate its uhm existence uh in any way. These options are presented in order of increasing security. Note that the requirement in the third option (i.e. the most stringent) implies like that the System must not include such cases in kind of any count of search results; this level of security is normally appropriate for cases dealing er with matters such as national security.
TechLead: If a user performs a quick or advanced search, the System should never include in the search result list uhm any record which the the user does not have the right to access.
Analyst: Got it.
Client: Let's try to finish i mean on time, I have another call after this.
Analyst: Uhm, Let's cover ease of use now. What level do you expect?
Client: All erm error messages produced by the the System ought to um be meaningful, so that they you know can be appropriately acted upon by the basically users you know who are likely to see them. Ideally, each error message will be accompanied by basically explanatory text and an indication of the action(s) which the user can take in response to the error. we need the System to provide End User and Administrator functions actually which are easy to use and intuitive throughout.
Analyst: Let's cover usability erm now. kind of What level do you expect?
TechLead: It's important that the user interfaces can be designed to make them user-intuitive.
Analyst: Got it.
Client: Um, The user interfaces of the system should comply with Standard ISO 9241. providing text equivalents for non-text media objects: All non-text media objects, such as graphical images or uhm video, should be provided with alternative equivalent textual descriptions uh and/or with equivalent text-based functionality.
Client: Making navigation self-descriptive: Navigation like should be designed to help uhm users understand where they are, where they have have been and where they can go um next. General guidance on achieving self-descriptiveness is given in ISO 9241-110.
Analyst: Um, Just to confirm, uh making actually navigation self-descriptive: Navigation should uh be designed uhm to help users understand where they are, where they have been well and where they can go next. General guidance uhm on achieving self-descriptiveness is given in ISO 9241-110?
Client: Yeah, exactly.
TechLead: Minimizing navigation effort: The number of navigation steps needed to reach actually a certain piece of content should be minimized as long as different mental models, navigation strategies basically and tasks of [crosstalk] the user actually are taken into account.
Analyst: Just to confirm, minimizing navigation effort: The number of uhm navigation steps needed to reach a certain piece of content should be minimized um as long as different mental models, navigation strategies you know and tasks of the user are taken into account?
TechLead: Right, correct.
Client: Splash screens ought to be avoided unless they provide useful content or feedback about the application state to the user. If a splash screen is used, i mean a navigation option to skip it should be offered. avoiding opening unnecessary windows: uh Additional windows such like as new browser windows or pop-up windows should only be opened if if this supports the user's task. Opening new windows can distract, confuse erm or impede users for a variety of reasons. They can superimpose the primary window, hiding relevant information. They could make it cognitively more more difficult to understand the navigation structure with negative effects on both usability and accessibility. They also require additional user actions for closing unwanted windows.
TechLead: Making user interfaces robust: User actually interfaces should be designed to be as robust as possible in the face of changing technology. This encompasses being able to present content containing newer technologies by older user agents as well as designing content to be usable with future technologies.
Analyst: Right.
TechLead: Acceptable opening / download times: Application pages should be designed and implemented so that i mean there are acceptable opening uh times like and download times for the expected basically range of technical contexts of use (e.g. bandwidth between the application and the user). This is particularly important for frequently accessed pages or pages that are basically important for user navigation and exploration, such uhm as the home page. providing clear error messages: The content of error messages shown on the pages or special error pages should clearly state you know the reason why the error occurred and, uh if possible, actions the user can take to resolve the sort of error. Users expect error messages to be in in the same language as the user interface.
TechLead: Er, Text quality: The quality of textual content with respect to um spelling and grammar should be sufficient so as not to impede kind of readability.
TechLead: Distinguishable within-page links: Within-page links should be clearly distinguishable from other links that lead to a different page. EX. er Within-page links are er shown with dashed rather than solid underlines.
Analyst: Just to confirm, distinguishable within-page links: Within-page links should be clearly distinguishable from other links that lead to a different page. EX. Within-page links are shown with dashed rather than solid underlines?
TechLead: Mm-hmm, yes.
Client: Distinguishing um navigation links from controls: like Navigation links should be clearly distinguishable uh from controls activating some action. Typical action types in user interfaces include manipulating application data, performing searches, communication actions, such as opening a new e-mail window or starting a chat function, and presentation-related actions, such as sorting a list of search results. providing printable document versions: If a a document is either too long, dispersed over several pages or in a specific layout that is not suitable for online reading, a printer-friendly version of the document should be uh provided that actually prints the content in in a form acceptable to the user (e.g. in the expected layout, paper format, or orientation).
Client: Uh, Selecting appropriate page lengths uh The length of of a page should be selected so as to well support the the primary purpose and uh use of the page. um Short pages are generally more appropriate for homepages, navigation pages, or overview pages that that need to be read quickly. Longer pages can be more appropriate when users want to read the content without interruptions or when the page needs to match a paper counterpart.
Analyst: Just to confirm, selecting appropriate page lengths The length of a page should be selected so as to support the primary purpose and use of the page. Short pages are generally more appropriate uh for homepages, navigation pages, or overview pages that need to be read quickly. Longer like pages can be more appropriate when users want to read i mean the content without interruptions or when the page needs to match sort of a paper counterpart?
Client: Right, correct.
TechLead: Using frames kind of with care: If frames uh are used, care should basically be taken to avoid possible basically problems, for example, those involving the uh use of the back button, bookmarking of um pages, or scrolling of information. When frames are used, it it is well important to title each frame, and to um describe its purpose and kind of how frames relate to one another other.
TechLead: Linking back to the home page or landmark pages: Each page should contain a link leading to the home page of the application [crosstalk] or to a landmark page that that is easy to recognize for the user.
Analyst: Okay.
Client: Providing a site map: A separate navigation overview such as a site map should be provided for application showing the structure of the site in an overview form.
TechLead: Placing navigation components consistently: Navigation i mean components should be placed consistently on the pages or in actually the framesets in the pages of the application. taking account of the users' tasks and information needs: When sort of providing different access paths or navigation structures for different user i mean groups, the tasks and information needs of these user groups should be be taken into consideration.
Client: Making individualization and adaptation evident: It should uhm be made like evident to the user when individualization and/or adaptation are basically used. making sort of user kind of profiles actually evident: If predefined user user profiles or user-specified profiles are used for i mean individualizing or adapting content, like the profile currently used should be well made evident. If profiles are used, it is important uh to provide users with information about this concept and um its implications.
Analyst: Right.
TechLead: Allowing users um to see and change profiles: If user-specified profiles you know are used, users should be able to see, modify and delete that profile erm on demand.
Analyst: What about system actually availability? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: The planned downtime for the the System should not exceed you know <xx> hours per per <rolling three month period>. The System is considered to be down if any user is unable to perform any normal System function and if this failure is attributed to any component of the System other than the workstation.
Analyst: Yeah.
TechLead: Unplanned downtime for the System ought [noise] to not like exceed <xx hours/minutes> um per <rolling three month period>.
Client: The number of incidents of unplanned downtime for for the System ought to like not exceed <x> per <rolling you know three month period>.
Client: In the event of any software or hardware failure, it ought to be possible to restore the System (with inline synchronization) erm within no more than <xx> hours.
Analyst: Um, Just to confirm, in the event of any software or hardware failure, it will will need to be be possible uh to restore the System (with inline synchronization) like within er no more than <xx> hours?
Client: Yes, that's it.
Analyst: Let's uhm cover performance and scalability now. actually What level do you expect?
TechLead: I'd like the System to provide adequate response times for commonly performed functions under both standard basically and peak conditions.
TechLead: The System should i mean be able to perform a erm simple search within basically 5-8 seconds and well a advanced search (multiple search criteria) within 10-15 seconds regardless actually of of the storage capacity or number of cases in i mean the system. In this context, performing a search means returning a result list. It does not well include retrieving the records themselves. we want the System to be able basically to retrieve and display within 5-8 seconds you know the case which has been uh accessed within kind of the previous 2 months, regardless basically of storage capacity or number of cases in you know the system. This like requirement is intended to allow for rapid retrieval of frequently-used cases, on the understanding that frequency of use is typically correlated um with recent use.
Analyst: Right.
TechLead: We We don't want the System be scaleable and to have any features which would preclude use in small or large police stations, with varying numbers of uhm cases handled.
Analyst: Right. And system functionality? Anything specific? [noise]
Client: I'd like the system to support multilingual interface.
Client: Uhm, The system ought to be designed in manner that operational data is not lost in case of any failure of equipment or communication network.
EndUser: Er, The system ought to work even in an offline mode with the critical functionality. the system should be implemented using Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and have a modular design.
Analyst: Just to confirm, we need the system basically to you know be implemented using you know Service Oriented Architecture (SOA) and and have a modular i mean design?
EndUser: Yeah, exactly.
EndUser: The well system should be be kind of developed for a centralized deployment and maintenance. I'd sort of like the uh system sort of to i mean be developed sort of to be deployed in a 3-tier datacenter architecture.
Client: Erm, We er need the system to be extensible to provide access um to the interfaces through PDA's like and mobile data terminals. we need the system to adopt standardized formats and common metadata elements.
Analyst: Okay.
EndUser: The system should be designed for kind of access through browser-based systems and must impose minimal requirements on the client uh device. the system would basically have to support multiple types of communication services for remote access.
Client: The system should have capability to support public access to a subset of data and functionality. the system ought uh to support SSL encrypted connections.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Client: I'd like the um system to support secure virtual private network connections.
Client: The system would have to ensure high standards of security like and access control through: Prevent cross-site scripting Validate the incoming data / user request Encode the incoming data data / user request Prevent SQL Injection Utilize parameterized queries Sanitize the user-inputs Validate the data both at the client and server Do not allow hard um delete and perform only soft tagging the row for deletion.
Analyst: Right.
Analyst: Um, Great, I think that erm covers basically it for today. I'll write this up um and send it around.
