Analyst: Er, Okay, let's get started. Thanks for joining. Today I'd kind of like to to understand what you need for Blit Draft.
Client: The management of [company name]. has identified a potential need for re-writing its core Laboratory Information System (LIS) to improve um the performance. All functionalities for the new [system name] system would be documented in this FRS.
Analyst: Right. And general needs? Anything specific?
EndUser: I'd like system to display the hyperlinks and you know descriptions for the user to perform the desired functions as as specified in the related UIS.
Client: It's important that the User can view the hyperlinks and descriptions listed.
Client: The User well would need to you know be able to choose a function by clicking the kind of hyperlink. I'd like the system to display the uhm desired operational page for the user after clicking the hyperlink.
Client: It's important that a user [pause] with admin privileges can Add/Create a new user and associate the user with specified role(s) in the system.
Analyst: Got it.
Client: The system would have to display an error actually message if the new user is found in the [system name] system. the system should display actually an error message if the er new user is not active in the Active Directory.
Client: The system would have to display kind of the xxx tab as the default tab. the user would need to be able to create/add a like new user um manually or from a template.
Client: We want the user record to uh be able to inherit all specified role(s) settings in the erm template when when the user record is created from the user template.
Analyst: Okay.
Client: The user should be able to add additional [noise] roles manually while creating/adding a new user from a user template.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
EndUser: Er, The system ought to save the user info to the database uh with specified roles associated with divisions for the newly created/added user.
Client: The system would have to perform a search on the [system name] user display name and user name columns in the user tables to er find the user and verify erm the user's existence.
Analyst: Just to confirm, we need the system to perform a search erm on uhm the [system name] user display name and user name columns in the user tables to find the user and verify the actually user's existence?
Client: Mm-hmm, yes.
Client: Uhm, I'd er like the system to perform a search in the Active Directory to to verify the status of sort of the user — Active/Inactive within sort of the company—when the user attempts to create/add uh a new user in the [system name] system. the system ought to basically generate a standard confirmation message after like saving erm data and warning/caution messages after the cancel or close button is clicked.
Analyst: Just to confirm, the system would have to generate a standard confirmation uh message after saving data [laughter] and warning/caution messages after actually the cancel or close button is clicked?
Client: Mm-hmm, yes.
Client: The user would need to be able to have the flexibility to click any tab kind of to commence the adding process, like although uhm the er xxx Tab shall you know display as the default tab.
Client: All All required fields as specified in the UIS ought to be marked with a red asterisk alerting basically the user to fill the required fields in.
EndUser: We want the uh user to be able to save data after creating/adding a new user or cancel data to abort the process.
Analyst: Okay.
EndUser: The system should clear up data if the user chooses to click the Cancel button in the midst of creating/adding a a new user. actually we need the system to direct the user to the xxx Page if the user chooses to click the close button without entering any data.
Analyst: Just um to confirm, I'd like the system to direct the user to the xxx i mean Page if the user chooses to to click the close button without you know entering any uh data?
EndUser: Yes, that's it.
EndUser: It's important that the user can associate at least one role, division, designator code, and lab location at the time of creating/adding a new user. it's important that the the user can fill in the required fields—User Name and Display Name—in the User Information section i mean at the time of creating/adding um a you know new user.
EndUser: We need the system to generate well a standard error/warning message after the user attempts to save data actually without associating one of each of the following criteria—xxx—and/or without filling in sort of the required fields in the User Information section.
Analyst: What about user erm interface guidelines? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: I'd like the Project Team to demonstrate mockups uh of UI UI changes to project stakeholders early in uh the development process. we need the Project Team to permit reasonable adjustment to the user interfaces of new functionality by project stakeholders when project schedule permits uh those adjustments.
Analyst: Let's cover system downtime now. What level do you expect?
TechLead: I'd like the Project Team to you know schedule updates to the production environment only on Tuesdays between 7pm and 7am.
Analyst: Let's cover quality assurance now. What level do you actually expect?
Client: The er Project Team would have well to perform applicable and appropriate testing uhm against new functionality prior to releasing that functionality/build to the the production environment.
Client: Uhm, I'd like the project Team to you know allow a reasonable time to conduct User Acceptance uh Testing (UAT) against the built functionalities prior to deploying the product to the production environment.
Analyst: Um, What i mean about coding standards? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: Erm, The Development Team ought to define coding standards for the application uh and follow those standards consistently.
Client: The Development Team would have to be required to adjust existing source code to follow accepted coding standards only if that source code must be modified.
Analyst: What about maintainability standards? Any constraints we we should know about?
TechLead: The system would have to log errors, warnings, and informational messages to an external uhm log file on the er application server.
Analyst: Got it.
Client: We need the Development Team sort of to be required to adjust existing source code to actually use the external log file only if that source code code must be modified to implement another requirement.
Client: The system would have to log an error message to the external data file when the user is directed to the [SYSTEM NAME] error page.
Client: The uh system should send a notification email to a Client Services email distribution list if the user is directed to the xxx error page.
Analyst: What about um development platform? Any well constraints we er should know about?
TechLead: The Development Team would have to develop functionalities using the xx language and on the supported .NET 3.5 Platform.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
TechLead: Uhm, I'd like the Development Team to utilize established open source frameworks instead of proprietary like custom components wherever appropriate. I'd like the system to continue to depend upon and use a single SQL Server 2008 erm database.
Analyst: Yeah.
Analyst: Uhm, Let's cover production um releases now. What level do you you expect?
TechLead: We need the Technical Owner/Lead to provide signoff before any [SYSTEM NAME] build can be i mean deployed to the the production environment.
Analyst: Yeah.
Analyst: Let's cover development process i mean now. What level do you er expect?
TechLead: I'd like kind of the Development Team to perform weekly integrations of basically the [SYSTEM NAME] system and deploy these system um updates to the Staging environment.
Analyst: Got it.
TechLead: The Development Team should label every scheduled [SYSTEM NAME] build i mean in the source control system.
Analyst: Erm, Just to confirm, the Development Team i mean ought to label every scheduled [SYSTEM NAME] build in the source control system?
TechLead: Yes, that's it.
Client: Er, I'd like the you know Development Team er to perform like scheduled [SYSTEM NAME] builds erm using code checked out of source control using the label as defined and specified.
Analyst: Right.
Client: I'd like the Development Team to develop sort of and then send out release notes via e-mail to all Project Team after each [SYSTEM NAME] build deployed to the Staging environment.
Client: Um, The Technical Lead should perform code reviews of every system change before those changes may be committed to source i mean control. the QA/QC Team actually should perform regression testing against all scheduled builds.
Analyst: Let's cover robohelp tool now. What level do you expect?
Client: RoboHelp version sort of 8 should be used to create the i mean online [system name] Help hypertext uhm links.
Analyst: Erm, Just to confirm, uhm roboHelp version 8 would have well to be used to create the online [system name] sort of Help hypertext links?
Client: Yes, that's it.
Client: The The [system name] system will display a hypertext link kind of labeled "Help" at the top right corner on each of the like user screens to provide assistance to the user.
Client: Each of the Help topic i mean pop-up windows will contain that same content uhm that is available within the the [system name] user's manuals. the system would have to provide the capability to open a er pop-up window displaying information about the specific page along with links to supporting help topics upon selecting each Help link.
TechLead: Erm, I'd like the system well to display actually "[system name] Overview" page located under the Getting Started section of Help actually as default help topic page that will load upon selecting Help hypertext link.
Analyst: Okay.
TechLead: The sort of system ought like to allow users to easily navigate kind of through each of sort of the help topics well by selecting a corresponding er hypertext link provided in the um left frame of [noise] the pop-up Help window.
TechLead: Er, I'd like the system to like display the uhm [company name] logo i mean in the top, right side of the screen on each of the help pages.
TechLead: Um, The system like would have to exhibit each of the help pages basically using the same color scheme and background as specified.
Analyst: Right.
TechLead: The system ought to provide searching ability to the users to quickly find specific topic material through the online help tool. the system ought to provide an index to the users for a more in-depth search of topic contents through the online help tool.
Client: The system would sort of have to provide a Glossary for industry-related terms associated with [company name] and the [system name] system to the the users through the online help help tool.
Analyst: Got it.
Analyst: What about applicable standards? Any constraints we basically should know about?
Client: The system should retain existing HIPAA compliance capabilities.
Client: The system ought to follow HIPAA compliance capabilities in new functionality introduced to well the the system.
Analyst: Uh, Just to confirm, the system would have to follow HIPAA compliance capabilities in new well functionality introduced to the system?
Client: Right, correct.
Analyst: Great, I think that covers like it for today. I'll [pause] write this up and send it around.
