Analyst: Okay, let's get started. Thanks um for i mean joining. Today I'd like to understand uhm what you need for Internetworking of Content Delivery Networks through Peering.
Client: Uh, The final um product enabling CDN peering assists in coordinated uh and cooperative content delivery via internetworking [pause] among distinct CDNs er to allow providers to rapidly "scale-out" to meet both flash crowds i mean and anticipated increases in demand, and um remove the need like for a uh single CDN to provision resources. An ad-hoc or planned peering you know of CDNs requires fundamental research to be undertaken to address the core problems of measuring and you know disseminating load information, performing request assignment and redirection, enabling content replication and determining appropriate compensation among participants on a geographically distributed "Internet" scale. In contrast to a single CDN, for which these issues are deeply interrelated and co-dependent, sort of the main thrust for the final product enabling CDN peering is to consider them in a coordinated and cooperative basically manner among many peered CDNs, whilst satisfying the complex multi-dimensional constraints placed on each individual provider.
Analyst: What well are your expectations regarding trigger?
Client: Service registration is triggered when either one of the following occurs: (a) resources are available sort of as a provider starts operating; (b) previously registered resource information needs to be updated; (c) available basically local resource information is required in the event of traffic surges; actually and (d) local and delegated er external resource information is to be encapsulated in an SR instance included in an established peering arrangement.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Um, Right. And service registration? Anything specific?
EndUser: The format for service information description is defined.
Analyst: Got it.
Client: One thing: the interaction protocol between Web Server-SR, SR-mediator uh is actually defined.
Client: And resource provisioning, delegation and reservation policies are in place. there is an established norm that any resource failure will be reported.
Analyst: Um, Just to confirm, there is an established norm that any resource failure will be reported?
Client: Right, correct.
Analyst: Right. And trigger? Anything specific?
Client: It is invoked when a (primary) CDN realizes that it cannot handle a part of uh the workload on its WS(s).
Analyst: Yeah.
TechLead: Sorry, I was on mute.
Analyst: What uh are your uh expectations regarding exceptions?
Client: One thing: malicious requests are detected and rejected.
EndUser: One thing: web servers have already replicated necessary content.
Analyst: Just um to uh confirm, also, web servers have already replicated necessary sort of content?
EndUser: Mm-hmm, yes.
Client: One thing: both anticipated and unanticipated user requests (traffic) uhm are considered.
EndUser: If um the user requests can not be accepted according the provider policies, service requirements are not passed to to the local PA.
EndUser: Also, kind of the format kind of of service requirements is defined.
Analyst: Got it.
EndUser: Mediator-SR, basically mediator-PR, mediator-PA interaction protocols are defined.
Analyst: Just to confirm, and mediator-SR, mediator-PR, mediator-PA interaction protocols are defined?
EndUser: Yes, that's it.
EndUser: One thing: mediator works in conjunction with the PA to uh establish negotiation. interaction protocols between PAs are identified.
Client: One thing: malicious kind of requests are identified and acted upon. one thing: there i mean are existing policies for long-term peering arrangement.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
EndUser: And you know there uh is procedure to uh perform short-term negotiation.
Analyst: Right.
Client: And actually negotiation is established kind of between selected CDN peers. also, primary CDN has already acquired kind of sufficient external resources.
Client: One thing: functional policies i mean are identified and deployed.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Client: Also, effective content delivery is ensured through SLA satisfaction.
Analyst: Uh, Can you walk me through disband or re-arrangement?
Client: There could be circumstances under which well a given peering arrangement may need to disband or rearranges itself.
Analyst: What are your your expectations regarding um exceptions?
EndUser: Policies identifying you know the consequences of SLA violation are defined. also, policies um are in place to perform renegotiation for problem actually resolution.
Analyst: Got it.
Analyst: Let's cover user interfaces now. What level do you [crosstalk] expect?
Client: For user interface design, common GUI standards will be followed along with the presence of keyboard shortcuts, error message display standards etc., and standard buttons and functions (i.e. help) will appear on every screen.
Analyst: Let's cover communications interfaces now. What level do er you expect?
Client: From a technical point of view, TCP/IP will be used uh as the transport protocol, where each CDN server erm establishes a um TCP connection er to the kind of network basically elements using a well-known port number.
Analyst: Okay.
Client: Interaction among surrogates should be performed using HTTP kind of or FTP.
Analyst: Uhm, Great, I think that covers it for today. I'll write this up and send it around.
