Analyst: Okay, let's get started. Thanks for joining. Today I'd um like to understand what you need for Functional and non-functional for the VCD, including basically critical erm synthesi....
Client: Uh, The um effective use of Information and Communication Technology (ICT) um to enable interoperability in public procurement is an area of great significance for [pause] achieving the Lisbon objectives, i.e. to become um the most competitive and dynamic knowledge-based economy erm in the world (EC 2005). However, the current European public eProcurement infrastructure is inappropriate because it is characterized by a high market um fragmentation and a lack of interoperability. Governments are the largest buyer you know in the European Union which purchase at a level of approximately basically 15-20% of GDP (Ministerial_Declaration 2005).
Analyst: Let's cover uhm major features, requirements er and quality attributes now. What level do you basically expect?
TechLead: Further on, i mean this mapping needs to be implemented in the pre-VCD mapping basically tool as depicted in the use-case diagram in Figure 9, i.e. a i mean list of criteria to be matched is submitted to the entity performing well the mapping.
Client: Thus the criteria may have to be kind of iteratively redefined according to uh the results given by specific mappings.
TechLead: Uh, The basically commonly approved national mappings have to be made made accessible to the different stakeholders as especially economic operators, contracting authorities and national VCD service providers.
Client: By which technical means would have to the mapping be erm provided? The technical means to provide the mapping service has to be defined you know in dependence on er the choice er of the pilot solution. The simplest form without any erm technical support could for example consist in in the one-time distribution of mapping tables in paper-based form. Another solution could consist of a web-based access to a system providing the mapping by querying an underlying database which contains the mapping table. A more advanced solution would be an automated processing of the mapping according to the relevant criteria that therefore have to be specified by the contracting authority in a dedicated electronic format. Also the higher maturity levels defined in this vision (stage 2-4) can i mean use use the mapping service in order to uh retrieve the mapping information. I'd like a governing model to be defined in order to basically deploy the uh infrastructure, to maintain its state and sustainability over time.
Analyst: Just to confirm, I'd like a governing model to to be defined in order to deploy uh the um infrastructure, to maintain its state and sustainability over time?
Client: Right, correct.
TechLead: Maintainability: you know The mapping has to be easily maintainable which could be of interest in the case of changes of the legal basis on national sort of or European level. A formal procedure has to be found how actually changes are applied to the system. Moreover an organisation or institution that governs the process of change management has sort of to be defined.
Analyst: Just to confirm, maintainability: The mapping has to be easily er maintainable which could be of interest in the case of changes kind of of the the legal basis on national or European level. A formal procedure has to be found how changes are applied to the system. Moreover an organisation or institution that governs the process of change management has to be defined?
TechLead: Yes, that's it.
Analyst: Let's cover accessibility of mapping facility now. What level do you expect?
Client: Erm, Therefore each national service provider that provides kind of a VCD (stage kind of 2-4) and all relevant well key uh other stakeholder such such as economic operators, contracting authorities and certifiers should be able to retrieve the latest mapping well information from from erm the mapping facility.
Analyst: Yeah.
EndUser: Er, By the way, are we um still meeting on Thursday?
Analyst: What about identity and access management? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: Identity and access management would have to provide an interface uh to submit sensitive economic you know operator data (for example by uploading attestations that verify sensitive economic operator data) in order to allow the economic operator to apply uh for the creation of a VCD account.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Client: Er, Sensitive economic operator data should be able to be verified through a i mean formal procedure by an officer.
TechLead: Erm, Sensitive economic operator data data should be able uh to uh be placed to you know a VCD account by an officer. identity and access management would have to provide a like functionality that enables the um economic operator to receive his log-in data.
TechLead: Should be clearly defined which economic operator data are sensitive and belong to to identity and access management.
Analyst: Let's cover vcd system now. What level do you expect?
TechLead: Uh, We actually need erm the um VCD system to provide an interface where tender-specific data can be either fetched from or be provided through (e.g. criteria of qualitative selection and exclusion). the VCD system sort of ought to provide an interface where a translator/economic operator can submit certified translations to specific evidence.
Client: Erm, The national well VCD service provider that hosts sort of the system will need to um have the status of a trusted entity. semantic interoperability of structural data of evidence SHOULD be ensured through an agreement procedure among the WP partners.
Analyst: Got it.
Analyst: What sort of about vcd transportation system? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: The VCD transportation system ought to provide a functionality that supports the economic operator in submitting the VCD package to a contracting authorities' procurement platform basically where the tender/bid has to be placed.
Analyst: What about vcd viewing system? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: The VCD viewing system would have uh to provide a functionality to authenticate contracting authorities to view uh the well data contained within a VCD package.
Client: I'd like the VCD viewing system to display uh translations kind of of evidences contained in the VCD package.
Analyst: Let's cover context specific data now. What level do you expect?
TechLead: We need a VCD VCD system to provide functionality to collect and process context specific data for evidence that has to be provided manually or semi-automatically by the issuing kind of body, by the economic operator or any trusted third party. a VCD system ought to sort of provide a user interface to the issuing body to provide context specific data for an evidence in a structured form (e.g. web-interface, XML-file-upload). [pause]
Analyst: Let's uhm cover advanced vcd creation service now. What level do you expect?
Client: The VCD creation service um of stage 2 VCD simple package has actually to be improved in order to include the functionalities sort of for considering context specific data and VCD merging.
TechLead: A VCD system erm ought to provide functionality to compile kind of the uh data which result from the evidence collection process and the uh data provided by the economic operator in the VCD advanced package creation. The types of data which have to be compiled into a VCD advanced package are therefore: Structural VCD package data data Structural data of evidence Tender specific data actually Economic operator data Context specific data Evidence Authorized translation of evidence.
TechLead: Er, Merging of VCD simple erm packages and VCD advanced i mean packages into a VCD VCD advanced package SHOULD be possible.
Analyst: What about vcd re-compilation service? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: We need a VCD system to kind of provide a user-interface to the economic operator to initiate the recompilation of an existing VCD package into a VCD advanced package.
Analyst: Just to confirm, a VCD system would have to provide a user-interface to the economic operator to initiate the recompilation of an uh existing VCD package into a er VCD advanced package?
Client: Right, correct.
TechLead: Re-compiling a VCD simple package into a VCD advanced package should be possible.
Analyst: Let's cover overview about erm organisational framework now. What level do kind of you expect?
TechLead: A key issue um for example is the pre-VCD mapping tool and it should be integrated into any national solutions you know either as a module or as interface to query results for the mapping of evidences among member states.
Analyst: So, let's talk about organisational requirements. What do you need there?
EndUser: Requirement Widely accepted national procedures and infrastructures SHOULD basically be utilized wherever possible. requirement The contracting authority would have to specify a subset of the er superset of criteria that is relevant to a specific Call for Tender so that any VCD VCD application uhm can perform the mapping later on Measurement Development of well standard template for specifying erm criteria as part of tender-specific data.
Analyst: Erm, So, let's talk about economic operators that act as issuing bodies. What do you need there?
EndUser: Often the VCD system should have the possibility to specify the issuing services that are are needed to evidence certain criteria e.g. candidate statements or attestations from third parties that um are not available in electronic format.
Analyst: What about methodical framework? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: The methodology of ISO 11179 ought to be used for specifications well that can be used um to detail the profiles developed by CEN BII WG 1.
Client: The CEN BII description of a VCD will be like neutral when it comes to semantics, and it will be helpful for systems based on both UBL and UN/CEFACT; uhm applications can can accordingly be set up by use of any of them.
Analyst: Just to confirm, the CEN BII description of a VCD will be neutral when it uhm comes well to semantics, and and it will be helpful for systems based on uhm both uh UBL and UN/CEFACT; applications can accordingly erm be set up by use of any kind of of them?
Client: Mm-hmm, yes.
Analyst: Erm, Right. And uh semantic interoperability? Anything specific?
EndUser: It is required to work on the semantic interoperability for electronic well attestations and certificates that requires not only semantic uh alignment but legal alignment in Europe."(Bausa O. uh and Boujraf A.
EndUser: Uh, 2009) Requirement Evidential documents exchanged between parties should be semantically uh harmonized in order to be processed like electronically.
Analyst: Right.
Analyst: Erm, So, let's talk about well correspondence between national and european criteria. What What do you need there?
EndUser: Requirement National criteria for um qualitative selection and exclusion will need to correspond to European criteria which are derived from Article 45-50 and which are partially described in like the Eligibility of actually Tenders.
Analyst: Got it.
Analyst: Um, Okay, [noise] next topic: vcd specific characteristics. How should that work?
Client: Requirement Any VCD instance should be specific with uhm regards to a certain economic operator.
Analyst: Okay.
Analyst: What are your expectations er regarding method for ensuring "level of completeness"?
EndUser: Description A VCD package ought to show its full potential only when all all requested evidences (all that are necessary to prove all the requested criteria) are contained within it.
Analyst: Yeah.
Client: Measurement The definition, specification, modelling uh or or implementation of the pre-VCD mapping tool will focus on Articles 45 to 46 um Requirement Articles 47 to erm 50 open a wide range of different criteria which are tender- and country-specific thus like they ought to be added stepwise to the pre-VCD mapping tool basically (which may require a higher-level mapping).
Analyst: Right.
Analyst: So, let's talk about principle for including attestations in stage 3 and 4. What do you need there?
EndUser: Requirement If the prove concentrates on qualitative aspects (e.g. provide balance sheet or extracts from it it in order to proof its economic well or financial standing) then the validation value cannot be applied.
Analyst: Erm, Let's cover overview of legal framework sort of now. What level do you expect?
TechLead: To get an overview on the legal requirements and regulations erm on different levels erm the following sources have to be analysed: European level (e.g. directive 2004/18/EG); you know National level (e.g. national procurement acts, you know other related regulations).
Analyst: Just to confirm, to get an overview on the legal requirements and regulations on different levels the following basically sources have to be analysed: European level (e.g. directive 2004/18/EG); National uh level (e.g. national procurement acts, other related regulations)?
TechLead: Yes, that's it.
TechLead: When developing a solution the differences between national basically procurement acts and the European Directive has to be be taken into account in order to define a uh solution that is conform to national law and can be applied on a uh pan- uhm European level.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Client: Those legal questions often target critical aspects for a potential VCD solution as for example the role and and use of self declarations as replacement for documents that can not be issued within one Member State.
Analyst: What about legal basis for exchanging validation data? Any constraints we should know about?
TechLead: The legal foundation in the country will provide a basis to accept these statements across borders according to the principle of mutual well recognition of diplomas, certificates or other evidence of formal qualifications.
Analyst: Right.
Analyst: Um, What about european service provider? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: The liability of the European uh Service Provider will need to be defined.
Analyst: Yeah.
TechLead: Measurement Definition of the legal basis for the the establishment of such a Service actually Provider Requirements The legal regulation uhm applicable uhm for the European Service Provider will need to be defined.
TechLead: Er, Measurement Definition of the legal basis for the establishment of such sort of Service Provider Requirements A suitable way to establish the relevant regulation for the European Service Provider ought kind of to be sort of defined.
Analyst: Erm, What about national service providers? Any constraints we should know about?
TechLead: Especially responsibilities and services like hosting, maintaining and governing the national processes you know with regard to a VCD solution will be important.
TechLead: Several formal legal requirements have to be answered previously in order to define the scope of such a National Service Provider Requirement The legal status and legitimacy of the National Service Provider will need to be defined.
Analyst: What about legal requirements regarding data protection? Any constraints uhm we should know about?
TechLead: Erm, Requirement Relevant regulations of national data protection acts ought to be analysed and considered.
Analyst: Let's cover legal um validity now. What level do you expect?
Client: Requirement The regulations concerning the use of electronic documents, the exchange um or download of electronic documents (e.g. mandatory usage of an e-signature) will need to be considered (especially regulations from national procurement act um and directive 2004/18/EC).
Analyst: Erm, Let's cover overview of technical framework now. uhm What level do you expect?
Client: Thus also the VCD should be able to be submitted through the PEPPOL infrastructure.
Analyst: Just to confirm, it's actually important that thus also the VCD VCD can uh be submitted through the PEPPOL infrastructure?
Client: Mm-hmm, yes.
Analyst: So, let's talk about interrelation of governance models of um wp2 and wp8. What do you need there?
Client: In this respect the i mean composition, structure and scope of you know the governing model has to be formally defined to ensure fulfilment of functions like like liability, sustainability and maintainability (e.g. especially um to maintain and sustain a pre-VCD mapping tool in long term and therewith to ensure (re-)liable functions) The dedicated governing sort of model should have the necessary status and power to govern its assigned functions.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Analyst: What are your expectations regarding allocation of identifiers?
EndUser: Therefore we need to find uh a method how addresses can be allocated and being provided to to the WP 2 stakeholders so that they can use the um PEPPOL infrastructure for exchanging VCDs and access related services.
Analyst: Right. uh And addressability? Anything specific?
EndUser: In such cases, every [noise] partner in the collaboration needs to be er addressable so electronic documents can well be exchanged from end to end through well the underlying transport infrastructure." (Bausa O. uh and Boujraf kind of A.
Analyst: Okay, next topic: non-repudiation of origin. How should that work?
EndUser: Description "In electronic procurement, erm some processes require to ensure that the sender of an electronic document cannot repudiate kind of its validity" (Bausa O. and Boujraf A.
Analyst: Can you walk me through sort of pre-vcd mapping tool?
EndUser: We need the above mentioned evidences thereby to be further described by templates that define the structural data of evidence for example the: Type Type of document; Name of you know document; Issuing entity; Source reference; Validity period; Time of issuance; Mandatory or optional; Frequency of use.
Analyst: Erm, Just to confirm, the above mentioned evidences thereby ought to be further described by templates that define the structural data of evidence for example the: Type of document; Name of document; Issuing entity; Source reference; Validity period; Time of issuance; Mandatory or optional; Frequency of use?
EndUser: Yes, that's it.
Analyst: So, let's talk about implementation approach. well What do you need there?
EndUser: Austria kind of ought to implement and like pilot a VCD service based on the VCD concept um introduced in this report.
Analyst: Can you um walk me through piloting approach?
Client: Er, The VCD service provider for uh the piloting phase will be the Austrian Federal you know Computing Center (BRZ), which will establish like and maintain the VCD service.
Analyst: Just to confirm, the VCD service provider for actually the piloting phase will be the Austrian Federal Computing Center (BRZ), which you know will uh establish and maintain the VCD service?
Client: Mm-hmm, yes.
Analyst: What are your expectations regarding um implementation uhm approach?
EndUser: The conformance to PEPPOL's WP2 interoperability standards will be approached by following the project agreed roadmap that includes the design and management of a dynamic knowledge base, uh known as the pre-VCD mapping tool and by implementing VCD services that conform to um a multi-stage approach. uh as part of the the interoperability like dimension, there will be a supporting action for digging into existing certificates and dragging out of them the the most valuable information.
Analyst: Okay.
Analyst: Uh, Great, I think that covers it for for today. I'll write this up and send it around.
