Analyst: Okay, let's get started. Thanks for joining. Today I'd like to understand what you need for Video Search Engine.
Client: The software i mean aims to to help the user by kind of providing a simple interface and a more efficient way of finding the video they require. These databases can be easily updated to provide a erm wider searching range. you know The program is a new self-contained product.
Analyst: So, let's talk about torrent search. What do do you need there?
Client: Torrent like search ought to share the same search bar with the streaming search.
Client: There would have i mean to sort of be a tick box to allow the user to choose to include torrent searching in the search. we need query to retrieve the no. of seed and peers, size of the file, date posted and a link to uh the webpage itself.
Client: If no results are actually found on a search it will display a message "No results were found for this search.".
EndUser: I'd like results to be arranged you know in size/date/alphabetical order by clicking on the the column headers.
EndUser: Uh, I'd like there to be page button for the user user to navigate er the results.
Analyst: Okay, noted.
Analyst: Er, Okay, next topic: video stream search. How should uh that work?
Client: I'd uhm like streaming search to share the same search bar with the torrent search. there ought erm to be a tick tick box to allow sort of the user to choose to include video host searching in in the search.
Client: Er, I'd like there to be be a tick box to allow the user to choose to include video link searching in the search. query to video hosting sites will retrieve full video name, length, date date posted and a link to the video itself.
EndUser: Erm, Query to video um link sites will retrieve the show's name, episode name name well and a link to the webpage itself. results would have to be arranged in length/date/alphabetical order by clicking on the column headers.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Analyst: Erm, Let's cover user interfaces now. What er level do you expect?
Client: Um, The user Interface should be able to consist of one main main screen, allowing all the functionally to come from this one screen.
TechLead: We need the main screen to be laid laid out as in Appendix: B Diagram along with the description of the the diagram.
Client: With all these features complied into one screen it will give the software more flexibility and allows kind of for easy and simple usage.
Analyst: Er, Just to confirm, with all these features complied into one screen it will give the software more flexibility and allows for easy er and simple usage?
Client: Yeah, exactly.
Client: This erm ought to appeal to both naïve computer users and erm experienced computer users with a higher selling market.
Analyst: Yeah.
Analyst: Let's cover software interfaces now. What What level do you expect?
TechLead: The you know software actually should use hyperlinks to allow the user to open websites in their default web browser.
Analyst: Er, What um about communications interfaces? Any uh constraints um we should know kind of about?
TechLead: Communication standards that would uh have to be used through the software will be PHP or other such languages. I'd like these to be used to kind of query the different servers that the websites use use and will give us back.
Analyst: Got it.
Analyst: Er, What about performance requirements? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: I'd like query times to take take no longer than 5 seconds to any website. sending the hyperlink to the default browser will take less than 1 second.
Client: Er, I'd like loading the program to take less than 10 um seconds. any torrent result with 0 seeds um will not be displayed.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Client: Er, We need sorting results to take less than 0.1 seconds.
Analyst: Yeah.
Client: We need a results page to display 100 results. any torrent result with a rating of less than 1 will not be displayed.
Analyst: Let's cover safety uhm requirements now. What level do you expect?
Client: Uh, Our development team would have to thoroughly investigate each website within our actually database each month, to ensure that no illegal or harmful content uh is exposed to our users.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
Analyst: Uh, Let's cover you know legal requirements now. What level do you actually expect?
TechLead: While all safety measures resulting from the site may may not be well fully identified, a recommendation of a erm full legal review of the software should be undertaken before the site is available to the public.
TechLead: In doing so, the site will be subject to full indemnification of liability. the system um we produce should stay within all the the legal well requirements on our behalf, as our software is only listing links for video streams and video download, and this is not illegal.
Analyst: Great, I think that covers it for today. I'll write uh this up and send i mean it around.
