Analyst: Okay, let's get started. Thanks for joining. Today I'd like to understand what you need for Get Real 0.2.
Client: Rev1 of the website was created on or about summer of 2006. There uhm may be a need for future you know updates of the kind of website. The scope of the Get Real website is limited to attracting and encouraging Oregon high school students to take coursework actually leading toward a baccalaureate degree in computer science (CS) at one of the seven Oregon University System campuses.
Analyst: Can you walk me through exploring college (existing)?
EndUser: A listing of the computer science offerings from Oregon university er System campuses and other Oregon colleges. >Need to determine extent of community and private colleges uh in Oregon.
Analyst: Can you walk me through example um video "real people" profiles?
Client: Computer science students uh and young sort of professionals are presented here: "a day in the life of" actually "power to change sort of the like world" and you know Pathways in computer science" http://www.cs.washington.edu/education/ugrad/prospective/download.html >reviewers of this document should review these videos – click link above then "Video Downloads Available" These profiles uhm convey clear messages of CS majors using their degrees in a um variety of diverse careers.
Analyst: So, let's like talk er about high school courses (new). What do you need you know there?
EndUser: Erm, This page should provide pointers well to to curricula recommendations from kind of OUS campuses and other university i mean sources.
Analyst: Uhm, Can you walk me me through professional organizations (new)?
Client: We [laughter] We need pointers to lead to student sections of these organizations.
Analyst: Just to confirm, pointers ought to lead to student sections of these er organizations?
Client: Yes, that's it.
TechLead: Uhm, Sorry, I was on mute.
Analyst: Let's cover user interfaces now. What you know level do you expect?
TechLead: The Get Real site would have to work and be tested against IE, Firefox and Netscape.
Analyst: Let's cover performance requirements now. What level uh do you basically expect?
Client: We need the Get Real site to be hosted on on a i mean server that sort of can provide adequate response time.
Analyst: Just to confirm, the Get um Real site ought to to be hosted on i mean a server that can provide adequate response time?
Client: Mm-hmm, yes.
Analyst: Let's cover security requirements now. What level do you expect?
TechLead: Copyright and other security measures for Get Real should be the same as the OUS site.
Analyst: Uhm, What about um general needs? Any constraints we should know about?
Client: There is a need to track and evaluate the i mean "hits" and time spent on the uh student-focused website over time; and make content, design, and navigation changes as needed based on evaluation of hits.
Analyst: Let's cover software quality attributes now. What level well do you expect?
Client: We need web design conventions to be consistent with with the standards and conventions used on the OUS site.
Analyst: Mm-hmm.
TechLead: "Specify any additional actually quality characteristics for the well product that will actually be um important to well either the customers or the developers.
Analyst: Great, actually I think that covers it for today. I'll write this up and send it around.
